I would like to address some things about the state of my employment before anyone makes a final decision.

Today, I had a meeting with one of my team members. They had reached out to have a casual conversation. They had heard I might be leaving the team and wanted to find out. 
I spoke my truth to the situation from my perspective and admited where I may have been wrong and what I beleived the reasoning behind it. 
They expressed more than disappointment in the news of my possible departure and straight out asked me for leadership advice and complimented my technical knowledge.

This was a shock to me, due to prior discussions with management above me I was left under the impression that because of my way of handling things I lost faith from my team. 
In ways that may be true but not for the reasons I had been led to believe. 

I can admit when I am in the wrong, there were a couple moments I had a less than favorable attitude towards a couple situations, 
but I think that when considering the circumstances and situation its become understandable why it happened at all.
Still it is no excuss, but also I have never been aggressive or mean to anyone. Fustrated annoyed, and overwhelmed while I try to still be helpful with everything on my plate.
Its a surprise it didnt happen sooner, that will become apparent soon. Ive come to understand what my have happened with Ruben having read his notes and my expreience thus far in the project.

Right now I am only taking the time to say something because I do believe that this company is different from the rest. That our culture is not as I've been treated since I started and that
it's just the circumstances in which I was brought in and the project requirements. The pairing was bound to have a boiling point, the last guy quit and they didn't even build anything yet.

Im the type to speak out and say the stuff that makes others uncomfortable. Hindinsight is 2020 and to me its not awkward, I never realize until someone else becomes uncomfortable 
that I realize that I should have bitten my toungue th earlier. I am not a jerk or a douchebag, I am a person who is willing to listen and learn